compatibility: update Tails & Whonix (#9219)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi.Documentation/WasabiCompatibility.md

Wasabi dependencies are:
- [HWI](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/HWI), check the [device support](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/HWI#device-support) list there. Some hardware wallets supported by HWI are still not compatible with the Wallet because they implemented custom workflows.

## What about Tails and Whonix?

> It is currently not possible to install Wasabi on Tails.
> Wasabi doesn't work on Whonix, because Wasabi uses the Tor control port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is currently not possible to install Wasabi on Tails or Whonix. 
That is because Wasabi uses the Tor control port, which is not exposed in these operating systems.
```
